README.md, before:

# CSCH Megabot

A megabot for everything CSCH needs, composed of smaller mostly standalone packages. This project uses [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/).

## Getting Started

0. Install prerequisites.

- [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/administration/install-community/)
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/)

1. Clone repo.

```
git clone https://github.com/cscareerhub/megabot.git
```

2. Use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to switch to Node version 14.

```
nvm install 14
nvm use 14
```

3. Use yarn to install dependencies.

```
yarn install
```

4. Use `.env.template` to set up env variables. Set `ENV` to `testing` if you're running unit tests.

```
BOT_TOKEN=yourbottoken
...
```

5. Run bot.

```
yarn start
```

## Contributing

0. Optional: Join us on the CSCH Discord server where we will give you access to the bot dev channel where we discuss and test bots.

1. Fork the repo.

2. Create a branch with the following naming scheme.

```
feature/<yourfeature>
bug/<yourbugfix>
docs/<yourdocchange>
test/<yourtestingchange>
misc/<yourmiscchange>
```

2. Use the Prettier plugin to autoformat your code based on the `eslint` and `prettier` configs if you use VSCode or other editor with support for something similar.

3. Once you've made change, create a pull request to the CSCH megabot repo's master branch with the type of change, which should correspond to the first part of your branch name, in the PR title.

```
branch name: docs/change
PR title: [docs] Changed this and that
```

All PRs will require at least one review from CSCH staff. If it's been over a week, feel free to ping us once in the Discord.

Commit message:

[misc] Add formatting script/shortcut and format project (#41)

README.md, after:

# CSCH Megabot

A megabot for everything CSCH needs, composed of smaller mostly standalone packages. This project uses [Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/).

## Getting Started

0. Install prerequisites.

- [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/administration/install-community/)
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install/)

1. Clone repo.

```
git clone https://github.com/cscareerhub/megabot.git
```

2. Use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to switch to Node version 14.

```
nvm install 14
nvm use 14
```

3. Use yarn to install dependencies.

```
yarn install
```

4. Use `.env.template` to set up env variables. Set `ENV` to `testing` if you're running unit tests.

```
BOT_TOKEN=yourbottoken
...
```

5. Run bot.

```
yarn start
```

## Contributing

0. Optional: Join us on the CSCH Discord server where we will give you access to the bot dev channel where we discuss and test bots.

1. Fork the repo.

2. Create a branch with the following naming scheme.

```
feature/<yourfeature>
bug/<yourbugfix>
docs/<yourdocchange>
test/<yourtestingchange>
misc/<yourmiscchange>
```

2. Format your code to the project's specifications using Prettier. You can either use an editor plugin to do it automatically or run `yarn format`.

3. Once you've made change, create a pull request to the CSCH megabot repo's master branch with the type of change, which should correspond to the first part of your branch name, in the PR title.

```
branch name: docs/change
PR title: [docs] Changed this and that
```

All PRs will require at least one review from CSCH staff. If it's been over a week, feel free to ping us once in the Discord.
